# The Creative Grant Mod
# Author: Dubpub
# Contact: dubpub@loneboat.com
# Version: v2.0
# Language: base-language.txt

object_SatisfyAllNeeds                          Satisfy ALL Needs
object_CallAllGuardsHere                        Call All Guards Here
object_SpawnFire                                Spawn Fire on Location
object_AssignBodyguard                          Temporary Bodyguard
object_RemoveAllFires                           Removes all fires
object_StopEscapingPrisoners                    Stops Escapees
object_SpawnInmate                              Spawn 1 Inmate
object_Spawn2Inmates                            Spawn 2 Inmates
object_Spawn3Inmates                            Spawn 3 Inmates
object_InfectPatientZero                        Infects a Prisoner
object_CureAllPrisoners                         Cures all Prisoners
object_MakeAllAngry                             Spreads Anger

objective_grant_money1		                	TCM Money Grant 1
objective_grant_money1_description				Receive $100,000 cash.

objective_grant_money2		                	TCM Money Grant 2
objective_grant_money2_description				Receive $250,000 cash.

objective_grant_money3							TCM Money Grant 3
objective_grant_money3_description				Receive $500,000 cash.

objective_grant_money4							TCM Money Grant 4
objective_grant_money4_description				Receive $1,000,000 cash.

objective_grant_money5							TCM Money Grant 5
objective_grant_money5_description				Receive $5,000,000 cash.

objective_grant_money6							TCM Money Grant 6
objective_grant_money6_description				Receive $8,500,000 cash.

objective_grant_money7							TCM Money Grant 7
objective_grant_money7_description				Receive $10,000,000 cash.

objective_grant_money8							TCM Money Grant 8
objective_grant_money8_description				Receive $50,000,000 cash.

objective_grant_money9							TCM Money Grant 9
objective_grant_money9_description				Receive $85,000,000 cash.

objective_grant_money10							TCM Money Grant 10
objective_grant_money10_description             Receive $1,000,000,000 cash.